README.md, before:

# The Environmental
> An example website focussing on climate change for my formative assessment of the programming gold module (year 1 term 1)

- [Running](#runninginstalling)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Running/Installing

This site using the bootstrap framework, with extra help from the `popper.js` library. To use this site, run:
```shell
npm install
```

then open index.html. Alternatively visit [the website](https://rosiepuddles.github.io/PGY1T1Formattive/)

## Acknowledgements
This would not have been possible without:
- The bootstrap documentation
- Photographs:
  - ["A meeting"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsapponline/24773105486)
  - ["IMO Meeting"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/imo-un/30540361046)
  - ["Our 2019 annual conference"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/theclimategroup/16132103449)
  - People are from [thispersondoesnotexist](https://thispersondoesnotexist.com), and is a photo generated by StyleGAN2
- arXiv for indexing their articles incrementally
- [Fake name generator](https://www.fakenamegenerator.com/) for giving me random names of "people"

Commit message:

Added light+dark themes for header and fixed lack of sticky-top

README.md, after:

# The Environmental
> An example website focussing on climate change for my formative assessment of the programming gold module (year 1 term 1)

This site includes:
- Multiple dedicated pages
- Favicons!
- Dynamic colour themes for light and dark colour themes

### Contents
- [Running](#runninginstalling)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Running/Installing

This site using the bootstrap framework, with extra help from the `popper.js` library. To use this site, run:
```shell
npm install
```

then open index.html. Alternatively visit [the website](https://rosiepuddles.github.io/PGY1T1Formattive/)

## Acknowledgements
This would not have been possible without:
- The bootstrap documentation
- Photographs:
  - ["A meeting"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsapponline/24773105486)
  - ["IMO Meeting"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/imo-un/30540361046)
  - ["Our 2019 annual conference"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/theclimategroup/16132103449)
  - People are from [thispersondoesnotexist](https://thispersondoesnotexist.com), and is a photo generated by StyleGAN2
- arXiv for indexing their articles incrementally
- [Fake name generator](https://www.fakenamegenerator.com/) for giving me random names of "people"
